o FIXED: Aladdin: Mode 7 tile 0 corruption. bug in my delay-by-one-word read
  V-RAM code.
o FIXED: Missing sprites on Captain Commando (all negative x coords) - only
  on asm version, but now...
o FIXED: Flashing screen on Captain Commando.
o FIXED: Super Street Fighter 2 won't respond to joy-pad controls.
o FIXED: Final Fantasy V - text windows are partially hidden - background 
  priority-per tile problem. - needed dual-windowing AND/OR logic mode.
o FIXED: Tinytoons uses Mode 7 priority per pixel.
o FIXED: Formation Soccer seems to need transparent mode 7 graphics and sprites
  behind background.
o FIXED: Super Aleste has corrupted sprites on title screen.
o FIXED: Junk on backgrounds of Battle Clash. sub-screen subtract.
o FIXED: Total Carnage scrolling text is off by a couple of lines, h-dma problem.
o FIXED: Puzzle Bobble says "this ROM is not designed for you snes".
o FIXED: Sensible Soccer Mode 0 problems (colours).
o FIXED: Cannon Fodder shows signs of H-DMA problems when showing mission
  title screen.
o FIXED: Alien vs Predator: sprites messed up and screen flashing (screen
  flashing done on purpose).
o FIXED: ffmq might require MVN/MVP to always use a 16-bit accumulator.
o FIXED: Battle Toads crashes after player selection.
o Mode 5 graphics on snestest.smc Controller Test are corrupt - offset per
  tile not implemented. NO - H-512 mode not implemented!
o FIXED: snestest.smc locked up on Electronics test - IRQ never cleared.
o FIXED: Formation Soccer is doing DMA from a bad area of RAM to V-RAM -
  needed SPC700 emulation.
o FIXED: Pacman crashes and problems with sprites on title screen - v-ram
  reading problem.
o FIXED: New FF5 graphics problems on title screen.
o FIXED: MS-DOS machine with single joystick doesn't work.
o FIXED: Seiken 3 locks up - first in a IRQ loop (its never cleared) then waiting
  for sound CPU.
o FIXED: Metriod 3 has a corrupted screen and locks up.
o FIXED: Mechawarrior 3050 has major problems - corrupt screen, extreamly slow frame
  time, etc., etc. - needs SetByte and GetByte CPU push code. - So does
  Weapon Lord!
o FIXED: **Weapon Lord uses PCALL and TCALL in SPC-700 code **
o FIXED: Another World is transfering a lot of data using DAM to VRAM and $2180.
o FIXED: Soulblazer has minor h-dma glitches on vertical background scrolling.
o FIXED: Secret of the Stars no go - Sound cpu wait problem.
o FIXED: With reseting IRQ in place in v-line != h-irq-line Battle Toads: Double
  Dragon works, but Spawn doesn't.
o FIXED: Memory map problem with Donald Duck (corrupt ROM image).
o FIXED: Comsmo Puzzle and Yuu Yuu all show "V-RAM increment" type
  problems (problem was with reading V-RAM).
o FIXED: Some games rewrite the sprite registers during a frame.
o FIXED: ILLUSION has horrible sound... (sample decode routine had a bug).
o FIXED: Find out why graphics are all squashed up on sensi soccer/ bman with old
  old tile drawing code...
o FIXED: IRQ wobble on Aladdin at top of screen - causes occational palette flash.
o FIXED: 7th Saga, Actraiser2 and Addams Family causes a core dump on exit.
o FIXED: aleste.smc has sprite display problems on title screen on tile-based redraw
  code.
o INFO: DKC3 crashes itself if V-RAM isn't filled with zeros!
o FIXED:Tazmania has stopped working - missing IRQ. Adding a field to
  Settings moved a variable being used in asm code.
o FIXED: Castleviana 5 and Sparkster use DMA address decrement to update sprites.
o FIXED: X-Men has some sprite glitches - but only on tile based redraw code -
  it blanks the screen early and then DMAs new spite tile data before the
  usual end of frame.
o FIXED: Super Punchout shows corrupt knockout timer when H-DMA is enabled.
  (was triggering H-DMA during a frame) - only trigger H-DMA during v-blank or
  h-blank, otherwise write to register is ignored.
o SOUND: Clayfighter, Tazmania, Madden 94-97, NHL 96-97, and WeaponLord
  all spool sound samples into APU RAM using H-DMA!
o FIXED: ASM version bug: SOUND: Super Punchout has lots of sound repeat problems.
o FIXED: DMA? problems on background 3 in SMW.
o FIXED: Weapon Lord hangs on player selection screen (waiting for SPC700?).
o FIXED: Killer Instinct shows BG3 on title screen when it shouldn't.
o FIXED: Blank screen on Rock 'n' Roll Racing - DMA problem.
o FIXED: SFC Bastard has offset problems on Mode 7 graphics on title screen.
o FIXED: SOUND: SFC Bastard (bastardy.smc) locks with sound enabled.
o FIXED: GANBARE GOEMON 2 (sf16232a.078) requires SavedOAMAddr to be set in
  OAMAddr after end of frame (at max v_counter?).
o FIXED: SuperOffroad: The Baj has screen flash/timing problems during game - 
  skipping IRQs ? - It was reseting the H-IRQ position so another IRQ would
  occur on the scanline it was already on.
o FIXED: R-TYPE 3 has missing scrolling "space" background during game.
  (location $54 contains $10, needs to contain $11) - not a bug, when run on a
  real SNES the background is missing as well.
o FIXED: Toy Story plays sample that walks off end of memory - was causing 
  emulator crashes.
o FIXED: Bubsy has corrupt graphics - it required register $4210 bit 7 to
  trigger at the end of h-blank of line 224, not at the start.
o FIXED: Jurrassic Park locks with sound enabled. (Corrupt ROM image).
o FIXED: Q*Bert 3 has major graphics problems after 3rd level or locks. With -h 120
  and VAR_CYCLES game has corrupt graphics, otherwise it crashes. - ROM image
  is corrupt as same thing happens on a real SNES.
o FIXED: Evo - Chapter 1 title page shown on two backgrounds at same time -
  not bug just sub-screen addition being used.
o FIXED: Ghosts and Ghouls needs H-DMA to be enabled if register is written after
  start of frame - Super Punchout needs the opposite... -
  only start H-DMA if enable register written to during v-blank or h-blank.
o Exhaust Heat might require scanline drawing just before H-DMA rather than
  at end of h-blank.
o FIXED: Exhaust Heat has mode 7 offset problems. v0.24 accidentally fixed the problem
  but now its back again.
o FIXED: Goal locks at start with sound enabled. - The SPC700 seems to need to
  start executing instructions before the 65c816 so it has initialised $2140
  to $BBAA before the '816 checks for that value.
o FIXED: Final Fight 3 crashes with BRK instruction. - corrupt ROM.
o FIXED: T2 - has problems with clip windows.
o Robocop v Terminator: screen flashes like Alien vs Predator.
o FIXED:Nhl97 crashes - sound APU problem ?
o FIXED: Nhl97 now doesn't crash, instead the game won't start after the teams have
  been chosen.
o FIXED: Shadow Run shows sprite-sprite priority problems.
o Alien vs Predator uses colour subtraction on sprites but only on palettes 6-7?
  (Collect cloaking device, second object).
o NMI might need to be delayed to end of line.
o JanjYu Gakuen 2 looks at bit 6 of $4211 - might need to show source of
  IRQ - $40 for V-IRQ and $20 for H-IRQ?
o FIXED: Sunset riders has repeated background problems(?) - could be sub-screen
  addition/subtraction. Colour palette changes during game.
o Priority on snestest.smc Character Test are incorrect.
o Clay Fighter 2 writes to $3007-8 and reads from $3211-4.
o FIXED: Shien The Blade Chase tests bit 0 of $4200 until it goes 0 - reading
  $4200 must reflect joypad reading status. No, actually $4200 is open bus.
o FIXED: NBAJam (not Tournament Edition) has an odd memory map - accesses 
  code at $3Dxxxx. (corrupt ROM image).
o Super Bases Loaded uses Mode 5 and the background offset mode.
o FIXED: Super Bases Loaded 2 has an odd memory map: writes to $E00000 and reads from
  $E04000! (DSP1 chip)
o PilotWings uses a DSP.
o FIXED: Return Of Double Dragon needs -FL -ss 1 -o.
o FIXED: Tazmania is rewriting the colour palette just before the end of the frame.
  Shows up a a flashing screen. Uses software not DMA.
o FIXED: Actraiser2 has screen flash/timing problems. Was rewriting H-DMA
  start addresses during a frame - real SNES seems to ignore these.
o Actraiser2 uses mode 7 fixed colour palette mode - "32K" mode.
o FIXED: Agmawo locks at start. corrupt ROM - looks to be only first part of a
  multi-part ROM on the CD.
o FIXED: Alfred Chicken needs -FL.
o Mighty Max and Addams Family 2 are very slow with sound enabled.
o Williams Arcade Classics plays sound samples by varying the volume level
  using the gain control...
o FIXED:Zoop: Sound works initially but then stops during game.
o FIXED:Lion King locks up with sound enabled...
o Sparkster has lots of sound repeat problems.
o FIXED: Killer Instinct shows corruption at top of screen during the actual fight.
  Seems to need sub-screen emulation turned on.
o Look into passing mask into StartHDMA so the routine only resets DMA
  channels with the bit set in the bit mask.
o FIXED: RPM racing uses mode 5 512x512.
o FIXED: Biker Mice From Mars (sfbiker) needs -N and flipped layering '8'.
o FIXED: Mario and Wario (sfmarwar.smc) needs a mouse.
o Battle Toads: Double Dragon needs the -h parameter set to 100.
o FIXED: SF8752.smc has sprites problems when using tile-redraw code.
o FIXED: NHL '97 does a JMP $4320 in bank $87 - $4320 is a register area in that
  bank.
o FIXED: Chuck Rock has corrupted sprites on the title screen.
o FIXED: War of the Gems crashes with a STP instruction - bug in asm version of
  CPU core - appears when status register spliting was added. Snap6.
  If IRQ pending after returning from an NMI then incorrect status pushed
  onto stack.
o Adventures of Batman & Robin (bat.smc) has really slow music on title
  screen with SPC700 shutdown enabled.
o Return of the Jedi has lots of sound problems.
o WORMS has vertical offset problems on BG1 when displaying life bar at top
  of screen.
o FIXED: Street Racer has corrupt sprites on the player select screen.
o FIXED: Super Bases Loaded 1 uses Mode 5 (512x224) on intro.
o INFO: Batman Forever uses sub-screen addition with bg's being on both the main
  screen and sub-screen.
o INFO: Intro of Beavis and Butthead uses sub-screen addition with bg's being on
  both the main screen and sub-screen.
o INFO: ebreaker.smc bg's on both main and sub-screen.
o Big Sky Trooper's music is very slow.
o FIXED: Bomberman 4 needs -FH.
o FIXED: Captain Commando is interleaved.
o FIXED: Crystal Bean locks at start and is interleaved. - corrupt ROM image.
o Jim Power (jimp.smc) has scrolling/H-DMA problems on the intro.
o FIXED: Ogre Battle has fixed colour subtract problems on the main screen.
o pacman and Jim Power intro seem to rely on maximum number of sprites on a
  scanline at once to hide unwanted sprites.
o FIXED: Pacman 2 has scrolling/H-DMA problems during the game.
o FIXED: Power Drive (snk_powd.smc) uses 512x448 on intro.
o FIXED: SKI PARADISE (skiparad.fig) uses mode 7 priority per pixel
o The Magical Quest (smmouse.smc) has an intro with bad raster glitches - uses
  exact CPU timing!
o FIXED: Madden 96 needs -FH and has new Antherox intro.
o FIXED: College Slam (collslam.1 on CD) thinks non-standard controllers are 
  connected. It writes $12 and $02 to $4016.
o The sound on Speedy Gonzales sounds out of tune - seems to vary the
  frequency a lot - first low byte then the high byte.
o Stargate has sound clicks on channels 5 and 6 on title page.
o FIXED: Ranman1/2 Part 1 (ranma121.smc) crashes SPC700 at start up - looks like a
  65c816 addressing mode/instruction bug! - corrupt ROM image.
o Speedy Gonzales starts a long DMA to $2180 at v-line 1 with the screen not 
  blanked.
o FIXED: acc-elf.smc works on v0.1 but crashes with a STP instruction in v0.24.
o FIXED: FLYING HERO BUGYURU flyhero.smc does not work and image is odd size so code
  doesn't detect header and remove it.
o FIXED: Yaiba (lmk_yaib.smc) locks waiting for an interrupt to occur to no interrupts
  are enabled.
o CORRUPT ROM: Rise of the Robots does a long DMA to V-RAM during in the NMI handler -
  it might require the DMA to automatically stop when H-DMA starts if the
  screen is not blanked.
o FIXED: Andrew Agassi Tennis has missing sprites - only writes to low byte
  of sprite write address register. Writing to low byte must clear hi-byte as
  well.
o FIXED: Bonkers locks sound enabled. SPC700 code expected KOFF DSP register
  to return value just written.
o Mario Kart has odd graphic windows settings when first started.
o FIXED: Street Racer has odd size sprites and has missing tiles when displayed.
o FIXED: ASM 65c816, Aladdin keeps warping to other side of screen on first level.
o The Great Circus Mystery (circusmystery.smc) doesn't work.
o James Pond 2 gets stuck waiting for SPC700 to respond after first title
  screen. works on v0.24.
o Mario All stars - Super Mario 2 uses mode 2 (offset per tile) but with
  height 64 on bg #2. Black screen.
o FIXED: Chrono Trigger uses mode 2 with width 64 for wavey 'Trigger' text. Text
  should scroll onto screen, it doesn't. It does if width 64 is disabled,
  but it starts on the screen first. - bug with not wrapping Quot variable
  with mode 2 width 64.
o Tetris Attack uses screen screen height of 64 on offset-per-tile mode 2.
o Batman forever might show that if OBJs are on both the main and sub-screens
  and colour addition is enabled, then only OBjs with palette numbers
  4 or greater take part in colour addition and are not displayed on the
  sub-screen.
o FIXED: CPUShutdown causes problems for ROMs that wait for h-blank using $4212
  during the v-blank period - Reschedule doesn't enable HBLANK_START_EVENT
  during the v-blank period so the cycle skipping code doesn't wake up the
  CPU until h-blank end.
o FIXED: Putty Squad seems to use wrong palette for each tile when mosaic effect
  is being used - could be only the ROM so far with 16x16 pixels tiles and
  mosaic effect.
o FIXED: Mortal Kombat 1 restarts level when once the 'fight' message has disappeared.
  - 0.31 has problems.
  - 13-03-98 problems.
  - 1-4-98 problems.
  Problem with asm code only and intermittent.
o FIXED: Clay fighter has problems with colour window when the game starts and the
  game locks up anyway. ... but still sound repeat problems.
o FIXED: VAMPIRES KISS has corrupt, flashing OBJs and some v-ram problems,
  no problems in 0.41. Problem not dma, ppu, or cpuexec.
  - Problem was H-DMA was being started inside v-blank period.
o FIXED: VAMPIRES KISS has tile glitches on bg#2 during game - not present in
  0.41. H-DMA?
o FIXED: Contra 3 has clip window problems resulting in black screen, only
  OBJs can be seen when game first starts.
o FIXED: YUUYUU TOKUBETUHEN (yuyut.smc) has missing OBJs when screen is split -
  it enables both clip windows on OBJ and sets the combination mode to
  AND but both clip windows only overlap a few pixels so the OBJs are not
  displayed. - bug in window code, needed to flip the logic window
  combination mode because the window area add already been flipped.
o Multiple colour add/sub and clip window bugs with Killer Instinct.
o T2: Arcade Game displays multi-coloured blocks of tiles when a mode 3
  screen is being displayed. Screen shown when game-over.
o Bomberman 5 flickers on title screen when H-DMA is enabled.
o FIXED: XOR window clip code is producing bands that overlap.
o TOKIMEKI MEMORIAL (tokmemor.smc) uses hi-res., mosasic effect and fixed
  colour addition.
o FIXED: TOKIMEKI MEMORIAL (tokmemor.smc) displays corrupted sprites - every other
  group of four pixels is missing.
o RPM racing (hi-res. interlace) displays blank screen with 8-bit renderer.
o FIXED: Lufia I locks is shutdown is enabled. Asm only.
o FIXED: The SPC700 in Universal Solider locks if shutdown is enabled. Asm only.
o FIXED: Disabling the Multi Player 5 switches controller 1 to a mouse !
o FIXED: Top Gear 3000 - DSP1? game, though ROM header doesn't mention it.
  Bug in ROM header detection code.
o FIXED: Lost Vikings II locks after title screen - works in 0.24.
o Lost Vikings locks or resets on all versions.
o Uniracers enables sub-screen addition on bg # 2 but with nothing on the
  the sub-screen. Should it be either the fixed colour or back-drop
  colour get added instead?
o Wile E's Revenge has missing music, and very quite sound. Also displays 
  rotated mode 7 character picture during titles.
o Pilot Wings tries to set up a V-IRQ to happen on the line its already on,
  uses IRQ to switch to mode 7. -h 120 fixes problem. Cycle timing must be
  off.
o Top Gear 3000 sits in a loop waiting for the H-DMA line count register
  to reach a particular value - it never does because its not emulated yet!
o Theme Park starts a rather crummy tune then crashes. Hacker intro?
o Killer Instinct has a one-pixel wide bright line part way down screen
  on orcid practice level - colour window invert bug?
o Killer Instinct bg #1 is hidding some transparency effects and the
  fighter's sprite shadows on some levels.
o Batman - revenge of the joker locks at start - waiting for SPC700 which
  has hit a stop instruction.
o Eye of the Beholder has strange mouse pointer movement problems when SNES
  mouse emulation is enabled.
o FIXED: Daffy duck has lots of scrolling glitches on background parallax effects -
  timing problems? Missing NMI - ROM kept turning NMI enable flag on and off.
o Aero the AcroBat 2 might wait until a bit in $420B (h-dma enable) clears -
  does reading that register indicate H-DMA channels in progress?
o Ardy Lightfoot and Oblix both flash the sprite of the main character
  on and off every other frame, should they do this or is it a bug?
o FIXED: Firemen locks at start waiting for SPC700. Human game, needs -ratio 3.
o Jim Power has a one pixel wide bright line down one side of screen on the
  level map screen.
o Lots of missing sound effects in Home Alone 2.
o Missing sound effects in Earth Worm Jim 2.
o Captain America has single pixel high line corruption through some of its
  tiles.
o NHL STANLEY CUP locks at start waiting for the SPC700 - works with sound
  disabled.
o Sailor Moon has colour window problems during intro of game.
o Sailor Moon R screen flashes black during game. -h 102 fixes.
o Tile corruption on Super Pang on 3rd level+ - only on DOS port.
o Mighty Max uses colour window on main screen to clip background colour
  palette changes - except its not working on Snes9x.
o FIXED: Battle Toads: Battlemanics crashes during intro - ROM's NMI handler does not
  switch index registers to 16-bit before pushing them onto the stack, but
  always switches them to 16-bit mode when restoring them.
  NMI timing problem.
o FIXED: Contra 3 has missing fire effects when bomber plane drops bombs - use
  freeze-game to see. - Colour window is fully clipping the sub-screen and
  the fire effects are only on the sub-screen.
  - colour window invert bug.
o FIXED: Illusion of Gaia uses sub-screen subtraction with half flag during game
  select. Also, uses colour window to cut a hole in the main-screen,
  should the sub-screen be visible at this point? Only two backgrounds are
  being displayed, one on the main-screen and one on the sub-screen and
  the sub-screen is not being added to the background only the background on
  the main-screen.
o FIXED: Gun force uses background #2 to display horizontal bullets fired from
  player, but they are displayed offset from the main firing them. H-DMA transfer
  size array was not set for the mirrored channels.
o FIXED: Empire Strikes Back needs -ratio 5 to work.
o Empire Strikes Back: The Hoth battle stage uses mode 7, priority per pixel
  and part of the graphics are missing.
o FIXED: llusion of Gaia menu on the first screen should be on a dark background.
  ZSNES gets it correct.
o DOS port can't load some ROMs from CD. NLKE has same problem. Allegro?
  ZSNES loads most of them fine.
o -frametime option is broken.
o Jap version of Tetris Attack might have a scrolling bug on the title screen.
o FIXED: Commodore 64 emulator doesn't work with asm CPU core - works fine with
  C code.
o FIXED: Chrono Trigger: crash bug in clipping code - use snapshot F6 and press 's'.
  Corrupts stack causing crash.
o FIXED: Toy Story only updates screen every-other frame and woody flashes 
  continuously. (Woody flashing is due to hacked ROM)
  Toy Story requires NMI to happen immediately after a WAI instruction.
o Toy Story has garbled sound output just before game starts. DOS port only.
o FIXED: Tales of Phantasia executes across a 0x8000 boundary and either side of
  the boundary are at different offsets into the ROM. Causes a crash.
o RPM Racing doesn't display correctly when interpolation and 16-bit screen
  mode. X11 port. Works when full-screen X.
o FIXED: Itchy & Scratchy has sprite corruption on the one of the title screens.
  Problem appeared between v0.4 and v0.41.
o Start screen on Chase HQ is corrupt. v0.24 has same problem.
o FIXED: King of the Rally has missing music on the car-feature selection screen.
  Works in v1.00. Requires DP+X addresses to wrap in zero page.
o FIXED: (again) Lufia I locks is shutdown is enabled waiting for SPC700.
  made the SPC700 wake up if the 65c816 reads from the one of the 4 comm ports.
  The SPC700 used to only wake up when the 65c816 wrote to the ports.
o WWF-Arcade crashes - calls a subroutine at address $EE758D which only 
  contains zeros at that address. Memory map bug?
o WWF-Super Wrestlemania and WWF-Raw both seem to display junk background
  layers - the ROM enables the layers but does not set up any background data.
o WWF-Super Wrestlemania crashes just before the game starts. Memory map bug?
o FIXED: Ninja Warriors has missing graphics on the title screen - V-IRQ problem?
  Problem appears after v1.16. Didn't like H-IRQ triggering on the same line
  if the H-IRQ position register was updated.
o Yoshi's Island might show there's an 'off-by-one' bug in the clip window code
  when it pops up a message box.
o Tazmania has ticking on the sound during the initial title music.
o SuperScope 6 has a repeating gun-fire sound on the initial aim screen.
  Channel volume is set to gain mode.
o Stargate sometimes has a slight click sound at the end of each rapid soft
  beep when the start button is pressed on the title page. Channel 6 is the
  problem, has attack rate of 10ms, decay 1200ms, infinate sustain and a
  sustain level of 5.
o Kirby Superstar - SA-1 game? YEP!
o The Lion King: under sound test, continue long song contains some odd 
  sounding notes. Is a particular type of sample not being decoded correctly?
o Clicks on the title music of Madden 98.
o Bugs Bunny has sound repeat problems when Bugs kicks a dog. - not a problem,
  just needs -envx.
o Bugs Bunny has junk snow characters on bg #1.
o Airwolf hacker intro is very corrupt - corrupt ROM?
o FIXED:Pac-in-time title music sounds a lot worse with new envelope sound code in
  1.17. The game requires samples to be keyed on without being keyed off first.
o DOREMI Fantasy milon uses decay exponential volume envelope on the notes at
  the end of the title music - they seem to take too long to decay.
o Winter Gold causes ZSNES Super FX code to overwrite the static data after its
  allocation - was causing the X library to crash since that was the .o after
  linked after zsnes.o.
o FIXED: Micromachines 2 has continuing engine noise problem when race is over -
  sound channel 7 is in sustain mode with time period set to infinite.
  - must have updated ADSR parameters as the it was in progress.
o DONE: Check Micromachines on real SNES - does the Ocean logo shear at the start?
  If it doesn't it could be a bug in the mode 7 code - the same problem that
  affects battle racers. - Does the same thing on a real SNES.
o FIXED: LAMBORGHINI AMERICAN has lots of missing music notes -
  uses bent-line inc with attack rate of infinite?
  - S9xSetEnvRate thought that the channel was silent and hence the number of
    volume steps was 0 so erate was always being set to 0.
o Slight clicking on the sound of Wild Snake - not sound sync or interpolation
  bug.
o FIXED: Zoop locks up at the end of each level playing random sound data on one
  channel and the main SNES CPU seems to be waiting for the sound channel to
  finish. - ENVX should return zero when channel is in gain mode.
o Battle Racers might have missing music during the race.
o Tactics Ogre has missing music and ROM locks up if you visit the sound menu.
o FIXED: Dragon Quest 5: the monsters disappear during fight sequences when the
  fireball is used (freeze file 004).
  - H-DMA needs to continue for one extra line, e.g. for screen height of
    239 H-DMA needs to run from line 0 to line 239, inclusive.
o Stargate sound click problem during some music - makes large changes to 
  channel volume levels while the sound is still playing, but other problems
  seem to be causing the click.
o Super Air Diver 2, Pilotwings and SD Racing DSP all suffer from the same
  shear DSP1 emulation bug. Bug in op 0x02/0x1a/0x0a to do with viewing angle
  and rotation.
o Super Air Diver 1 locks at start waiting for sound CPU.
o FIXED: Ballz generates unknown DSP1 command 2f and 0f then locks up on title
  screen. Implemented new Ops
o FIXED: Highway Battle 2 generates unknown DSP1 command 2f and lots of different
  unknown DSP1 commands during play. The mode 7 screen is all messed up. Hacked game,
  but the DSP routines were inaccurate.
o FIXED: Dungenon Master generates lots of unknown DSP1 commands errors. It's DSP-2.
o F1 Roc 2 isn't a DSP1 - uses some form of custom chip.
o F1 Roc 2 has graphic window clip problems with the clip code.
o Vertical mouse movement on Eye of the Beholder is very erratic.
o BT IN BATTLEMANIACS has slight sound click problems during the opening music.
o Bomberman 5 - sound test, music 22 doesn't sound correct. Sounds different on
  three different versions 1.00, 1.16 and 1.18.
o FIXED: Sprite priority bug on title screen of ILLUSION OF GAIA.
o FIXED: James Pond 2 - random horizontal sprite movement between two places, seems
  OK in 1.11 (only slight bug with battery level) but broken in 1.16. Sprite code relies
  on funky behavior.
o Jigsaw Party objects to multi-player 5 emulation, game won't start with it
  enabled.
o FIXED: The ROM load code thinks Eek The Cat is in interleave format, it isn't.
o FIXED: Primal Rage v1.20 - major graphics problem problems, not in v1.19.
o FIXED: Mario Kart - single player mode, pressing select to use rear view mirror
  results in corrupt graphics. - inverse of an empty colour window should be
  whole screen.
o FIXED:Missing logo from FF5 start up screen. - mode 7 was always using 
  main-screen z-buffer.
o FIXED: Something is zeroing the ZSNES SfxnRamBanks variable in Yoshi's Island,
  allowing the code to set junk values in the ROMBR register which in turn
  can cause an illegal memory access when the Super FX tries to access its RAM.
  - ZSNES code bug.
o FIXED: Background scrolling glitches on Stargate.
  - skipping NMIs. Stopped NMI retriggering in same screen.
o Metal Combat -  in the title screen speech the '93 of the 1993 words get cut 
  off earily
o POWER RANGERS FIGHT during the game the score area breaks up and scrolls when
  it shouldn't and there is corruption in the character graphics.
o FIXED: Maui Mallard doesn't show the water background layer correctly.

o Seiken 3 3dfx type screen breakup bug in windows port with 'sal mode
  enabled.
o FIXED: RexRonanExperimentalSurgeonUSA layering problem in title screens.
  - wasn't wrapping V-RAM addresses for screen (bg) locations.
o PANIC BOMBER WORLD locks up on title screen
o Doom segfaults after splash screen if i386 core is used on Linux.
o Doom hangs when shooting a barrel if C++ core is used on Linux.
o Cu On Pa locks up at the player select screen - input not handled. Timing?
o Madara 2 menus should have a blue window clipped out - hi-res clipping behavior?
o Shin Megami Tensei fusion screen - corrupt graphics - $2105 seems to be getting set
  to 0 instead of 9.
o Dragon Ball Z - Super Butoden 2 (J) 1.1 - flashing graphics at the start of 
  a fight and then later if the screen gets splitted.
